[SPEAKER_01]: This is July 10.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm at 204 Redmond getting ready to talk to one of the distinguished professors retired in veterinary medicine, Professor Callaham.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, let's say a sentence and let's check yours.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll say a small sentence right now until you get lined out on something else.
[SPEAKER_01]: To begin with,
[SPEAKER_01]: For the sake of someone who might listen to this tape or read the transcription 20 or 30 years from now and might not know your background, describe where you grew up, what your family did, where they lived, and how long they lived there.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was born and raised in the panhandle of Texas out east of Amarillo, Carson County, community there, and my family were, we lived on a farm and ranch combination, ran probably between 2,400 and 4,000 acres, about half
[SPEAKER_01]: tilled row crop wheat and the other half grass.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was born in 1919, so you can figure out right quick that my teen, my late preteens and my teenage years growing up were during the Depression days and also during the Dust Bowl days, which were very simultaneous, particularly in that part of the, in the country, and we did not have irrigation at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: uh i went to a a school at the time i started the school was a little little community school in conway texas and it was a three-room schoolhouse and they taught through the 10th grade in that three rooms
[SPEAKER_01]: which sounds horrible, but at the time, being small like that wasn't altogether bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now it would be tragic, of course.
[SPEAKER_01]: my two older sisters skipped their senior year of school because otherwise they would have had to go to Claude or Panhandle nearby schools.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they took entrance examinations for West Texas State and were admitted, and both of them were honor students, made dean's list, et cetera, and so forth.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went there through my sophomore, no, through my freshman year, through the eighth grade, to this country school, three rooms.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I think sometimes people don't realize that the little ones learn from the big ones.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're all in the same room.
[SPEAKER_01]: And which means, of course, too, the homework was a very important part of your education because you got assignment.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, through my eighth grade, I went to that school.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then I had two sisters and a brother who were college age, and they needed to go to college.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the only way we could do it at that time was for my parents to rent a house over in Canyon, near the West Texas State at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: So my dad stayed on the farm and we moved the rest of the family to Canyon in a house large enough to accommodate four guys' room and board.
[SPEAKER_01]: And my mother had very little help except for my older sisters and me and my brother, which didn't amount to much around the house.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, we made it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So your mother...
[SPEAKER_01]: was the boarding house lady.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you all kept the farm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And what was the money crop out on the farm and ranch?
[SPEAKER_01]: Wheat, row crop, milo, high gear, and cattle.
[SPEAKER_01]: And in the old days, that wasn't much.
[SPEAKER_01]: We hired, sometimes we hired hired hands that got $30 a month in their room and board.
[SPEAKER_01]: and they made more money than my dad did because he didn't make anything some years.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, there was a time when he had every dollar borrowed that he could borrow on his insurance, land, cattle, automobiles, whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: and it got that sticky because we didn't know it at the time and we were better off than most, most of the people around us because we had garden and we had stock, we had chickens and we ate real well and even though we wear patch clothes, we didn't know that wasn't normal.
[SPEAKER_01]: So anyway, we went, I went to high school in N.N.
[SPEAKER_01]: Canyon for my sophomore year
[SPEAKER_01]: And I wasn't eligible for athletics, being that my first year there.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the next year, my mother moved back to the country.
[SPEAKER_01]: She didn't come back for the next school year.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I was eligible for football in Canyon, Texas.
[SPEAKER_01]: And very stupidly, that was a big deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: So the former students and townspeople rented a little house, had a big bedroom, living room combination and a kitchen and a place you could eat in it, in the bathroom, for me and another kid so we could play football, which was, I guess, illegal at the time, but nobody paid much attention to that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I wasn't all that good, but then like a lot of other things that you fall into, they needed a body or something.
[SPEAKER_01]: Somebody with legs and hands and legs.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, that worked out pretty well until football season was over, and then at midterm of our high school year, I moved in with my grandmother who lived in Canyon, and she kept borders, and my brothers and sisters had stayed with her at one time or another.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I went in the last two years then, or a year and a half, living during the school year with my grandmother and then going back home to Conway to the farm in the summertime.
[SPEAKER_01]: How many in your senior class?
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember in high school?
[SPEAKER_01]: We graduated, there was about 37 of us graduated from high school my senior year.
[SPEAKER_01]: And in athletics y'all played what other towns?
[SPEAKER_01]: We played Tulia, Perryton, Panhandle, Hereford, and let's see, Freona went basketball, but not football.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had mediocre football teams, had good basketball teams, played all over the Panhandle.
[SPEAKER_01]: We went to district sailing through.
[SPEAKER_01]: One year, my junior year, we ran into a little team from down close to Lubbock, a little country school.
[SPEAKER_01]: In that day and time, I might add, if I hadn't already mentioned it,
[SPEAKER_01]: You had A and B classifications.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was a big school.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like Amarillo was A and B. You all were B. And we could beat them in basketball, but we didn't play them in football.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, this time I lost my train of thought there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, in terms of college,
[SPEAKER_01]: When did you begin to think about going to college and where?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, I cannot even remember when I didn't intend to go to college.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, when you think of the times then, you're reminded that I graduated in high school in 1937, the depths of a depression.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I intended to go to college for as long as I could remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: Going to A&M was something that started early, fairly early in high school.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a cousin that was here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, I'd heard of its reputation.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then a county agent was influential.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then when I went to high school, my vocational ag teacher, he was not a graduate of A&M, had no connection to it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But we became fairly close as much as a coach and a teacher could be, and he was very insistent that I come to A&M.
[SPEAKER_01]: So eventually, probably he was the most influential.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you come to visit before you came to enroll?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had never been here before.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had been to Texas Tech to their judging contests and so forth, their ag school put on down there, but I had never been to A&M before.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember how you applied and about when?
[SPEAKER_01]: I was very late in applying.
[SPEAKER_01]: The exact date I have no recollection, but it was very late and I could not get in the dormitory.
[SPEAKER_01]: So— First of all, how did you get down here, though?
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you get here physically?
[SPEAKER_01]: My parents—I had a sister teaching school down on the Rio Grande River in South Texas, and my folks were going to visit her.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they brought me down here in the car with one lousy little suitcase, had two sheets in it and a change of clothes,
[SPEAKER_01]: and dropped me off in front of the old YMCA building and said good luck and goodbye, and we'll hope to see you soon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember how much money you had at your disposal?
[SPEAKER_01]: I had a few dollars, but I had a—my dad told me, he said, Now, son, you know what the situation is.
[SPEAKER_01]: We don't have money.
[SPEAKER_01]: speak of, very little.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I had enough money.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I didn't.
[SPEAKER_01]: I probably had $10 in my pocket at the most.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he said, you can write checks, but be very careful so you know what the deal is.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, sign my name, and then under that, you sign yours for what you have to have.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was it.
[SPEAKER_01]: and I knew that I didn't have a job, and I knew I had to work, stay in school.
[SPEAKER_01]: I could probably go out and wait until Christmas, but maybe go a year and drop out a year and work and then come back.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they dropped me off there, and I got out of the car, and it was hot, dry, and I saw this fountain up on the
[SPEAKER_01]: veranda of the YMCA building, big old crock fountain, stone fountain, and I'll never forget that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went there and, man, that big old stream of water came out of that dude, and what I hadn't noticed at the time was that yellow-greenish stuff in the bottom of that old deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I took a great big swig of that water and then took a breath and I almost vomited right there on the deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was almost pure sulfur.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was not totally sulfur, but it was still liquid.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that's one of the little things that I come along that you remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, I had no place to stay that night.
[SPEAKER_01]: I didn't have a room or anything.
[SPEAKER_01]: Got ahold of this cousin of mine eventually and he said, well, find an empty room in a dorm somewhere and then we can see about getting a place to stay tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I went over to Law Hall and there was an open place with double bunks and I got out my seats, took them on the bed and spent the night there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the next day I found this place in Bryan that was owned by former Senator Gaynor.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he had this big two-story, pretty big two-story house down by the railroad tracks on the west side.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so they kept rumors but not borders.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I guess there were eight of us there in these
[SPEAKER_01]: upstairs bedrooms.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there was a boarding house in Bryan at that time where we could go and get a meal, whichever one.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I think breakfast was two bits and lunch fits sense, as I recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you eat lunch, I can't remember about dinner.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's probably more, but we make out wherever we could.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, not being in a dormitory, you were referred to as a day dodger.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was because you were dodging the paddles that you had in the organizations.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was not true.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guarantee you.
[SPEAKER_01]: The worst beatings I ever took was in that...
[SPEAKER_01]: where you had upperclassmen who were not regulated by anything or anybody.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, so there were some upperclass day dodgers at the boarding house?
[SPEAKER_01]: You bet.
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_01]: And whether they'd been in a dorm or not, I think there were just two or three of us freshmen.
[SPEAKER_01]: There were more upperclassmen than there were freshmen, and that was unfortunate too.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you get indoctrinated into Aggie traditions and habits and so forth?
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess just over a period of time, gradually.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, I was in, you're in the Corps, even.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was in headquarters troop in the cavalry.
[SPEAKER_01]: What outfit was it numbered and named?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was just named headquarters.
[SPEAKER_01]: But there was no number to it, as far as I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had two day-to-day troops in the cavalry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, we had that one, and I can't remember the name of the other one.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did it, how did you get to be in the cavalry?
[SPEAKER_01]: How, why that?
[SPEAKER_01]: I just applied for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I came to school, I applied for the cavalry, you know, you had to, coming off a ranch, you had to get on the horses, whatever you could.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it was the horse part that appealed to you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh yeah, just, and it was just something of that nature that appealed to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: At that time, you know, you, you, in retrospect,
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, I don't even know why, but it made sense at that particular time.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you register for courses and select those?
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was going to be an animal science major.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was an animal science major.
[SPEAKER_01]: So at registration time, you go sign up for animal science, and you're told to meet over in front of the old academic building.
[SPEAKER_01]: and you were, had loudspeakers, and you were assigned a section number.
[SPEAKER_01]: So when you got over there, here you could see a guy holding up a sign that said section 104.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you were all supposed to, everybody assigned section 104, go there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now we registered over, no we didn't register over in Sabisa Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: This was before that happened.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he holds up this sign, you all gather around, and when everybody's there, he said, okay, follow me.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we went from one department to another, following this guy.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you signed up in the various and sundry departments.
[SPEAKER_01]: You went to this building for English and this building for history and that being for
[SPEAKER_01]: Animal Science 101 or 2 or whatever it was.
[SPEAKER_01]: So did all of you animal science majors in that section take pretty well the same courses?
[SPEAKER_01]: We took the same courses at that stage of the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well this went on also with the same procedure occurred for our second semester.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it was a pretty much, very much cut and dried situation and fall in and follow me.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, as the courses began that first semester, describe a typical day of classes for you.
[SPEAKER_01]: What time did you get up?
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you do when?
[SPEAKER_01]: And take me from wake up to going to sleep.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, of course, we had this transportation from where we boarded in Bryan was a flatbed truck, and it ran on schedule, and you either caught that truck at 7.30 or you hitchhiked or you did your best.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who operated the truck?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you pay a fee?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, we paid, I think, $3 or $4 a month or something.
[SPEAKER_01]: How many on the truck?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it varied depending, of course, with the upperclassmen there, it would vary from one time to another because there were no cars in the whole mess.
[SPEAKER_01]: Would there be as many as a dozen?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, at times.
[SPEAKER_01]: There would be as many as it does.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he had wooden benches along each side of it where you couldn't, and some sideboards.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you got up by what time?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, we'd get up at six o'clock at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you have chores to do for the upperclassmen?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: You did those little things, and then you caught the truck.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then at 5 o'clock it went back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now you could hitchhike.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hitchhiking in those days was a very popular sport, if you can put it in those terms.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was one of the major kinds of transportation.
[SPEAKER_01]: Since you were in uniform, as you know, it was not a big chore.
[SPEAKER_01]: People picked you up and whether you're going from here to Amarillo or from here to Bryan, it was no big deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I was in that, and again, this goes on to try to answer your question of my routine.
[SPEAKER_01]: We spent time in the library while you was waiting for between classes, which was a good thing for us because otherwise we might not have done that.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did, when you were in the library between classes, what did you do?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, slept quite often.
[SPEAKER_01]: But we would, you know, study for courses the next day or that afternoon or for the next class or whatever it was, you studied.
[SPEAKER_01]: Up in that big reading room?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Second floor?
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, but I was only in this gainer house in Bryan for about two months or a little less, not even before Thanksgiving.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had gotten in a project house.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this was a, for those who don't know what project houses were.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dr. Dan Russell, who bless his heart, should be have a statue on Texas A&M University's campus somewhere, a sociology professor, and one of the great friends to Aggie students, if there ever was one.
[SPEAKER_01]: Students who had any kind of trouble, whatever it was, it didn't matter.
[SPEAKER_01]: If they learned, they could go talk to Dr. Dan Russell.
[SPEAKER_01]: And not only would he talk to them, but he was a great man and give them all sorts of good advice as far as I can tell.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, he put together this idea and then the counties, several counties in the state of Texas sponsored
[SPEAKER_01]: one of these project houses.
[SPEAKER_01]: I believe there were 14 of them here on the south side of the campus.
[SPEAKER_01]: And one of the nice things about that was that if you stayed even in a dormitory, you had to pay $21.50 a month for your room and board and a small part of the laundry.
[SPEAKER_01]: In the project house, we saved money.
[SPEAKER_01]: We only paid $17.50 a month, but we had to do some chores.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also, you could get credit if you brought food from home, like canned goods or whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: You could get credit against that $17.50 for what you brought in in the way of food.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ever bring any?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you bring?
[SPEAKER_01]: Mostly canned goods, vegetables, canned vegetables.
[SPEAKER_01]: And also, in those days, we canned meat.
[SPEAKER_01]: And occasionally there was canned meat.
[SPEAKER_01]: But being up from up in the panhandle that far away, you couldn't bring fresh.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some guys would bring eggs and meat and whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I had to bring stuff that was... Now, how did you bring it?
[SPEAKER_01]: On the train or the...
[SPEAKER_01]: I wanted in the car if my folks came or I had kinfolk like this cousin and other people.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that wasn't very often.
[SPEAKER_01]: But when I did, I'd bring a pretty good little deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I didn't really furnish much food because of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because in hitchhiking, you don't load up a whole bunch.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was my transportation.
[SPEAKER_01]: What county house were you in?
[SPEAKER_01]: This was Childress.
[SPEAKER_01]: Childress County.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I believe...
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, Hefner was their county agent.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so even though Russell put all this idea together, the county sponsored them.
[SPEAKER_01]: About how many were in that house?
[SPEAKER_01]: There was about 16 of us in the house.
[SPEAKER_01]: I believe there's four bedrooms upstairs, and there's four to a room, double bunks, two double bunk, pretty good-sized rooms, as I recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, I don't know that for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were there how long?
[SPEAKER_01]: I was there through that one year and I went to the dormitory.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was there a lady who was the cook?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, we had a house mother and she was from Childress and then we also had a cook in that place and we did our own laundry and we helped do dishes.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it was not a bad situation.
[SPEAKER_01]: Made some real, of course, you get to be real close friends.
[SPEAKER_01]: Describe academically that first year.
[SPEAKER_01]: What kind of courses did you take and how did you fare?
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you do?
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a long, sad story.
[SPEAKER_01]: I took chemistry, which I did not have any in high school.
[SPEAKER_01]: and that's a miserable story there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I passed it and I'll tell you how if you're interested.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you took chemistry, you took biology, you took English, you took history, animal science, and of course physical education was a requirement.
[SPEAKER_01]: Chemistry,
[SPEAKER_01]: I went in and I had a lot of, you can scratch his name out if you want to when you record this, but I unfortunately had Dr. Snuggs for my freshman chemistry teacher.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was his nickname?
[SPEAKER_01]: Didn't he have one?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, he did.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot either.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, we'll think of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, yeah, we'll think of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I can remember the name of Dr. Jones in the chemistry department.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was called Head Inn.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, but anyway, I had Dr. Snuggs, and Dr. Snuggs was, I think, he was a pilot in the World War or something, an ace and what all, but he didn't drive a car.
[SPEAKER_01]: His wife drove him to
[SPEAKER_01]: drove him to school and came and got him at lunchtime.
[SPEAKER_01]: Took him home for lunch and then brought him back after that.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was his transportation.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he would pick out two or three students in a class to make examples of and I unfortunately happened to be one since I was so dumb and so
[SPEAKER_01]: I wasn't doing well in it, and he'd come around and ask me a question, and I'd answer it the best I could.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, Mr. Callahan, when I learned to swim, they took me out in a boat, and they threw me in the lake and said, swim.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, I couldn't swim, just like you answering this question.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can't swim either.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he said, I could dog paddle.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you're just dog paddling.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, that went in all year until about, oh, halfway through the course.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he said, Mr. Callaghan, why don't you drop this course?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, well, I'd like to pass it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mr. Callaghan, you're not going to pass this course.
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, well, I want to try.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it didn't last a couple of weeks.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mr. Callahan, why won't you drop this course?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, well, I want to finish it so I'll be able to take it better next time when I take it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I went through and went to take the final example, final exam over in Guyon Hall where, you know, they'd get two or three hundred of us in there at a time.
[SPEAKER_01]: First guy I saw was Dr. Snuggs.
[SPEAKER_01]: He says, Mr. Callahan, what are you doing over here?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, I want to take the final exam.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, you told me the only reason you was taking the course was so you could pass it better the next time you took it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he said, I told you a long time ago, you're not going to pass this course.
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, well, I want to try them here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, Mr. Callahan, but I told you.
[SPEAKER_01]: I took the final exam, and that's when 70 was passing.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I needed a 76 on the final exam to pass the course.
[SPEAKER_01]: and you've already figured out what I made on the final exam.
[SPEAKER_01]: I made a flat 76.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, Mr. Snuggs wouldn't pass you if you had a 69.999, you flunked.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I knew the guy had finally taken pity on me and passed me, so I rechecked.
[SPEAKER_01]: He didn't count off one extra point.
[SPEAKER_01]: He didn't give me one extra point.
[SPEAKER_01]: I passed the course with a D point, zero, zero, zero, zero.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, that's a long one.
[SPEAKER_01]: I need to back up though, but I wouldn't have gotten that far except Dr. Hedges was head of the chemistry department.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he sort of had a reputation among us and we scared of him.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, he was real concerned about what you did in the chemistry building and so forth.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I was so desperate.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went in and see Dr. Hedges.
[SPEAKER_01]: His secretary asked me what I wanted.
[SPEAKER_01]: I told him that I need to talk to him, that I need some help.
[SPEAKER_01]: She said, okay, I'll see you.
[SPEAKER_01]: So she went in and came back in a minute and said, he can spare you 30 minutes at most.
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I went in and I told Dr. Hedges I was having this problem and I didn't know what to do because failure just couldn't happen at that point.
[SPEAKER_01]: I learned better later.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, he said, all right, what is it you want to know?
[SPEAKER_01]: What's your problem?
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, I know so little about what it's all about.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't even know what kind of a question I ought to ask or what it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just need help from the word go.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, sit down.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he started over just the back number one.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when my time came up, which was just shortly before noon, I said, well, my time is up.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he'd gone over just the basic principles that I had missed totally.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I said, well, my time is up.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he said, no, sit down.
[SPEAKER_01]: Gruff, boss, you know, sit down.
[SPEAKER_01]: So pretty soon I said, look, I know I'm into your lunch hour.
[SPEAKER_01]: I said, all right, sit down.
[SPEAKER_01]: So he helped me out to where I could stay as long as I did and find, now that's a long story for a little individual deal, but that was the way things were.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so let's see now.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about, what about English?
[SPEAKER_01]: English, I had trouble with English also.
[SPEAKER_01]: Remember who you had?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: History?
[SPEAKER_01]: History was no major problem.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had good grades in high school in English, but I did not make good grades in college in English.
[SPEAKER_01]: And let's see, who'd you have in math?
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember that first year?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: Animal science.
[SPEAKER_01]: Animal Science, I cannot remember these names.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll fill some of these in later.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because now I'm assuming there you did well, that you were at home in Animal Science.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did fine in Animal Science, except a story I'll tell you later about when I was graduating.